This first module of the course has taught me a lot on digital archeology, and its role in research. Over the first 4 weeks, I have read the readings, and created notes for myself for them. This consolidation document will summarize what I have learnt, my growth, and failures and wins.
             I learnt a few great concepts on archeology I did not know before. Such as, the importance of digital practices to represent our cultural heritage. There are values upon archeology I was not aware of before, and they created meaning to this field of study for me. I have included what I learnt in these readings in my weekly consolidations. For example, a few very interesting concepts I learnt was that gravestones in Barbados were not just indicators of death, but used by Barbadian families to claim their identity in their society, as a way of showing they matter alongside the British families.
            I think a challenge that was one of my failures would be not catching up on everything as fast as I could. I sort of had a setback in my personal life, and I am still navigating through it currently which prevented me from doing my best in this Module. Another negative part of my performance in this module would be that while working on the Graveyard Project, I had trouble figuring out the best way to map out the plot so they matched the actual physical layout took more time than I thought it would. It took me a while to figure that software out as well on my laptop.
                Regardless, I have worked as best as I could, and I read all the readings and did the Graveyard Project work, which would be my win. I however, have not submitted it as it was not readable and something I was not proud of. Next time, I will try to do better in the Module and work harder. I have learnt a lot from the Discord chats as well of this course. It is amazing seeing how many people are working together, and helps me ask questions from them. 
In conclusion, I would give myself a solid 70% for my effort in this module. 


